Previously on Cruel Summer...
This is security footage
from the Chambers' driveway
from midnight till 7 a. m.
I have a warrant
for Megan's computer.
It's so obvious.
You and Luke.
He's the one
you want to be with, not me.
Race you in. Come on.
(screaming)
Megan, something...
something happened
at the Plunge today.
She kissed me.
(modem beeping)
(upbeat music playing)
♪ Yes ♪
DJ:
Good morning, Chatham!
Time to wake up
and get on out there,
soak up some
of the last rays of summer.
(groaning)
Tell me it was just a bad dream.
I wish I could.
Mm, my God!
It was so awkward.
Oh, it just...
sounds a little sloppy.
Izz, he almost barfed
in my face.
Well, maybe someday
you'll tell people
that that's the moment that you
realized how much you loved him.
-(giggles)
-Yeah.
No!
Maybe it's a sign that we're
not supposed to be together.
Or it's just proof
he has a weak stomach.
What do I do now?
Just... just pretend
it never happened.
One day,
when the time is right...
the universe
will give you a do-over.
Happy last day
of the 20th century.
Ready to party
like the world's gonna end?
More like ready
for it to be tomorrow
so people stop asking that.
How was the Plunge?
It was cold.
Wet.
I'm glad I did it, but
I don't need to do it again.
My big New Year's resolution
this year is to start fresh.
You know, really
put last year behind.
And try to be less of a slob,
of course, but...
Well, you do like it messy,
don't you?
(knock on door)
Tom?
Good morning.
Wh-What's going on?
I got a call from the sheriff.
We need to go down
to the station.
Why?
He didn't give many details.
Just that you're
officially being charged.
(electronic warbling,
squelching)
I swear I'm never
drinking again.
Everybody says that.
But after a couple days
of detox,
you'll be ready to retox.
You're such an optimist.
Not about this house.
We have a lot
of cleaning to do.
Yeah. Debbie found a cup
of beer in her closet.
At least I hope it was beer.
Eww! What kind of animal
leaves one sock behind?
Probably a species named Tim.
Eww. I don't even wanna think
about what happened
to the other one.
Isabella: (sighs)
Better check Debbie's closet.
Maybe don't?
-Luke: Hey.
-(door closes)
Um... What--
what are you doing here?
Good morning to you, too.
Sorry. Hi.
Hey, Isabella.
He lives.
Yeah, I, um...
I just-- I came by to--
To help clean up?
What a gentleman.
Hmm.
(smooth jazz playing)
Yeah, so Tim got a keg,
but I kinda wanna crank it up.
Get some Y2-Kocktails,
make 'em Y2-Krazy.
Get people Y2-Krunk.
Y2-Kut it out.
You're like a walking dad joke.
I can't believe people actually
think the world's gonna end.
Yeah, I know, uh...
Some guy at the station
was talking about UFOs landing.
I'd be more worried
about computers crashing
than little green men.
Hey, um...
yesterday, at the Plunge...
what do you think Isabella
was after when she kissed you?
Um...
I don't know.
Why? Did she say something?
Megan:
No. Not a word.
I don't know, it's just,
she was...
all for us getting together
in the first place.
It doesn't make sense.
Well...
now, put this on.
Okay. Now... now you're perfect.
You know how Isabella is,
she's kind of jealous.
Possessive.
She doesn't really like it
when we do stuff without her.
I've never felt that.
Really? I thought
it was kind of obvious.
I feel like the truth is
that she is always happiest
when we're in a rough place,
'cause then she gets to,
you know, swoop in with her cape
and play Super BFF.
But things are so good
with us now.
Things are hella good.
And when we're strong,
nothing can come in between us.
Not even her.
Maybe that's the problem.
Maybe she wants to break us up
so that she can have you
all to herself.
Spend money on a good PI,
you get real results.
-What the hell?
-Yeah.
Apparently Megan has become
some kind of hacker for hire.
She breaks into websites,
she steals information,
she sells it
to interested buyers.
-Wow.
-Hmm.
And look
who brought her into it.
Oh, she...
she's working with that nut job?
Steve:
Apparently.
You know, Ned Faunce
has been after me for years.
Complaints, lawsuits, threats.
The guy's unhinged.
Yeah, for sure.
Yeah, but... why would he
want to kill Luke?
Okay, remember that scuffle
in the parking lot?
That was about Megan--
Luke was trying to defend her.
So what if Faunce
finally snapped,
he bumps into Luke at the cabin
and he kills him?
Okay...
Um, there's a ton of soda left
if you want some.
No, I'm good.
I think I'm off beverages
for, like, a year.
Yeah, the same.
This morning was gnarly.
That party, though...
it was one of the greats.
Hall of fame level.
(laughs) Good.
I'm glad you had fun.
Luke:
Yeah, big time.
Even if, you know,
some of it was a blur.
The end of the night,
especially.
Hey, it's your party
and you'll black out
if you want to. (laughs)
All right, the house is
officially clean.
I... I should get going anyway.
Uh, I gotta lock up the cabin
before the storm.
Megan, you should, uh,
go and help. Right?
Well, I'm sure Luke
can handle it on his own.
Actually,
it would go a lot faster
with an extra set of hands.
Yeah? Okay.
Great.
Cool.
(door opens)
You have no case against Megan,
no proof she had anything
to do with Luke's death--
This isn't about
the Chambers case.
We found evidence of fraud
linked to Megan's computer.
You may have protected
your files,
but we went in through
the Department of Licensing's
website,
traced the activity
back to your house.
She is being charged
with a misdemeanor
for making fake IDs.
May we have the room?
-I'm gonna lose my scholarship.
-Don't get ahead of yourself.
No, there's an "honor" component
to it-- if they find out
I have a record, I'm done.
It's... It's the only way
I can even go to college.
I'll never get enough loans
to make it work otherwise.
There's gotta be something
that you can do, please.
Can't you-- Can't you, like,
appeal it or get it reversed?
No, I'm afraid not.
You reproduced a watermark
from a government website.
You're lucky you were 17
at the time,
otherwise it would be
a felony and jail time.
So that's... that's just it?
It's over?
I'm sorry.
Your dad knows
this is a thunderstorm,
not a class 5 hurricane, right?
He doesn't care.
I mean, you know how it goes--
control freaks love preparation.
(laughs) I'm gonna choose
to take that as a compliment.
Okay.
We've brought in the firewood,
turned off the gas.
Now we gotta do the flashlights.
Okay.
Do any of these work?
I don't know.
I'm starting to see why you
get such good grades, though.
Can't remember the last time
that we hung out,
you know, just the two of us?
Yeah. It has been a while.
Before Isabella got here...
You doing okay with all that?
Yeah. Yeah.
I didn't really
see it coming, but, um...
it was probably the right call.
This is cool.
Old school.
Boom.
I'm gonna look for candles.
(laughs)
Oh, hey, sorry. I left my wallet
back at the counter.
-I'll meet you
at the car, though.
-Okay.
(car alarm chirps)
Hey.
This is not a joke.
I thought you got that.
Real, irreversible disaster
is mere hours away.
-I know--
-No, you don't know.
Y2K is not a party,
it's a crisis.
-Hey, what are you doing?
Get your hands off her!
-Don't you touch me!
Just because you're doing
some computer thing together
does not mean
you can lay hands on her.
Didn't realize
you were her keeper.
Do I need your permission
to talk to her too?
-Screw you.
-You know, you deserve
a lot better than this.
-Both of you, come on--
-Megan is headed for greatness.
You are just a spoiled little
loser that's pulling her--
Megan:
Luke, stop it! What the hell?
Well, you're just
like your father, aren't ya?
You steamroll anything
that gets in your way,
as if the rules
don't apply to you.
Well, you know what?
You are gonna get a very harsh
wake-up call, little Chambers.
And it might just be your last.
(shopping cart clatters)
-What?
-(rear doors slam)
(side door closes)
(engine starts)
(tires squeal)
Getting ready for dorm life?
(laughs) Yeah.
Uh...
My parents are driving me
to USC next week.
We're gonna make
a couple of stops along the way,
make it a real road trip.
That's cool.
What about you?
When do you leave to U Dub?
Um... I'm not sure
that's happening now.
I got charged with a misdemeanor
for the fake IDs.
Pretty sure I'm gonna lose
my scholarship.
Oh, shit.
I'm sorry, Megan.
It's, uh...
it's my fault.
What are you talking about?
I got busted trying to get
a six-pack with my fake.
The sheriff offered me a deal
if I told him who made them.
So you narc'd on me?
And did you tell them
that it was all your idea?
I tried.
For real.
But I couldn't explain to him
how I copied the watermark.
So you gave me up, even though
I kept your secret?
Look, I didn't know
what else to say.
I'm really sorry, Megan.
Yeah, you said that.
Have fun at college.
Megan: I mean, since when
do you even get in fights?
He was practically
foaming at the mouth, Megan.
I was just trying
to protect you.
I don't need a bodyguard.
He's my friend.
You just made it worse.
I was just--
I was worried about you.
Okay, and maybe I overreacted.
Forgive me.
Yeah. Just...
I don't know... chill.
I've never seen Ned like that.
I knew he was
spinning about Y2K, but...
-(pager beeping)
-...that was a lot.
(sighs)
Great. Tim's parents
came home early.
The party's off.
Maybe it's a sign.
An omen.
No, wait, Megan, look,
it's the end of a century.
We have to do something legit.
Okay, it might rain,
so the cove's off.
And Casa Chambers
is a no-fun zone.
But...
maybe we could have it here?
No, my mom has the flu.
Let's just bail.
Wait, you know the old cannery
down by the water?
My dad just bought it
to turn it into stores.
It's a perfect place
for a party.
Or we could
just forget about it.
I'm not really feeling
that great anyway.
No way, come on.
Look...
I'll figure something out.
I want this to be a night
that we remember
for the rest of our lives.
Yeah, well, that's
a 17-year-old boy for you.
More testosterone than brains.
Isn't it incredible
that any of us live past 21?
(distant thunder rumbling)
No, I appreciate
the heads-up, Mike.
That's...
you did the right thing.
(inhales sharply) Yep.
Okay, bye-bye.
Look, it's Chatham's own
Oscar De La Hoya.
-Dad.
-You know, that's the third call
I've gotten on this thing?
Trying to break a record?
I mean, do you enjoy
making shit storms?
First your little tape
blew up my Northland deal,
now you go around
assaulting the town lunatic.
-Dad, he started it.
-Are you five years old?
You don't go around
hitting people.
I have to say that to you?
Especially not litigious jerks
like Ned Faunce,
whose little war with me
over his property line
is already costing a fortune.
What were you thinking?
You always say being a man means
standing up for what's right.
He was being handsy with Megan,
and I tried to put a stop to it.
Well, good instinct,
lousy execution.
Yeah?
You gotta be smarter.
Look at me.
Your actions have consequences
for this family.
Do you understand that?
Do you understand it?
-I--
-No, that's it.
Haven't you caused
enough damage?
I'll see you at home.
(intense music playing)
I can't find it.
Uh, check under the island.
Bingo.
Whoo!
Great. Now all we have to do
is secure the kayaks
down by the docks
and we're done.
(Megan laughs)
No way.
You kept yours too.
Yeah, of course.
These things are classic.
Dude, these had crazy range.
They worked all the way
to the dock. (laughs)
I mean, how many hours did we
spend out there in the woods
playing secret agent?
Oh, like, a million, at least?
We never did finish
those missions.
No, but we probably walked
every inch of that forest
with these things.
And then you were
still so scared that
you were gonna get lost.
My internal compass is broken.
True, but I would have
found you, I always found you.
(laughs) Wait... do you remember
when we stuck one of
these things under Brent's tent
and then he was convinced
it was an alien invasion?
That was my tent.
It was? No.
-That was my tent.
-No, it was--
Oh, my God, you're right!
You're right, 'cause
me and Brent pranked you!
And then you got so scared
that you literally
ran into the lake
in your pajamas.
Yeah, keep laughing,
keep laughing, real funny.
Just scarred for life,
that's all.
(giggling)
I feel like half my childhood
was spent up here,
just you and me.
The best parts of it, anyway.
(radio beeps, static buzzes)
Hey! Mine still has
some juice left.
Should we finish that mission?
Your dad hired someone
to spy on me?
-That's not the point.
-(sighs)
What the hell are you doing
with Ned Faunce?
It's none of your business.
And Ned never
would have hurt Luke.
It did not seem that way
on New Year's Eve.
I mean, you saw him attack Luke.
Okay, that... that's
not exactly how it went down.
Okay.
Okay, well,
did you know he stole
millions of dollars' worth
of intellectual property
from his last employer?
Or that he assaulted his boss?
He put him in the hospital.
Just, my advice,
stay far away from him.
Look, you're like family,
so I know that you
didn't kill Luke,
but Ned, he's going down, and...
if you're not careful,
he's gonna take you with him.
Dad called me down here.
You might not want to
go in there for, like, a month.
Hmm.
Yep, uh, I've been there,
done that,
got the "You're
a disappointment" shirt.
Look, my advice?
Just keep your head down,
don't argue.
'Cause even if you are right,
you're just gonna dig
yourself a deeper hole. Hmm?
Steve: (in distance)
Yeah, I heard, I know.
I know, but I assure you...
Hey, look, I was gonna...
maybe snake the keys
to the cannery for tonight.
It's quiet down there,
especially this time of year.
Even the sheriffs
are gonna avoid it.
Well, maybe there is hope
for you yet.
Yeah, but if Dad catches me,
I'm dead.
Brent:
Okay.
Then don't get caught.
Seriously, if you do get busted,
I'm will serve you up
on a platter.
Oh, and, uh, happy New Year.
(laughing)
Megan:
Come on!
(sighs)
(suspenseful music playing)
(dance music playing)
(laughs)
You really pulled this off.
This is gonna be fun.
Are you feeling better?
Um, yeah. Yeah, mostly.
Good, I'm glad, I'm glad.
I just want to do
a quick cheers, okay?
-To the new millennium.
-(giggling)
I can't wait to make history
with you tonight.
Whoa. Someone's prepared.
Yeah.
I mean, do you actually think
that something crazy's
gonna happen at midnight?
Hmm, I mean, the banks might
be screwed up for a while
and the sheriff's radio
frequencies might malfunction.
But that means that
we don't have to worry about
the party getting shut down.
Well, if things do
turn to Armageddon, I got you.
All right, party people.
It is three hours till midnight.
Any thoughts or concerns
about Y2K?
I've been holding out
for the right guy, y'know?
But, uh...
if the world ends,
I don't want to die a virgin.
-(giggles)
-Hey, I can, like,
totally help with that.
It would be my civic duty.
Oh, she said "right guy,"
not mouth breather.
(laughter)
I'm afraid of the Robopocalypse.
What's that?
You know, when machines
take over the world?
It's totally coming.
(laughter)
Guys, no.
Why are you laughing?
(laughter continues)
Megan:
This used to seem a lot bigger.
-"That's what she said."
-She said...
You're such a dork.
It did, though, didn't it?
Yeah, it did.
I guess it's like...
I don't know, when you've seen
something a million times
and you know what it is,
and suddenly, one day,
it looks completely different.
You know?
Yeah.
Yeah, it's like,
when you were a kid, and...
you know, something's
gross or seems weird.
But now it's...
now it's awesome.
Right.
Race you to the dock!
-(laughing)
-Are you serious? Megan!
Megan, wait!
Wait, wait, wait! Hold on!
-Wait!
-Megan: Run!
(dance music playing)
Hey. You've been MIA.
Yeah. Party duty never sleeps.
Here, have my Y2-Kocktail.
In two hours, it'll be obsolete.
Hmm. Not bad.
You're not gonna having any?
Uh, I've already had several.
Just trying to pace myself.
Yeah, don't want to peak
too early.
Megan:
Yeah.
Nice crib.
Major upgrade.
Luke made it happen.
He's a real magician.
Is there something
that you want to tell me?
About...?
Yesterday. At the Plunge.
What did Luke say?
That you kissed him.
Last time I checked,
"ride or die"
didn't include
macking on my boyfriend.
Yeah, that never happened.
He kissed me.
Then why wouldn't you
say anything?
I just didn't want to make
things a mess between you two.
What about your loyalty to me?
Having my back?
Did that even cross your mind?
I just figured that he
made a mistake, so I let it go.
But you clearly wouldn't
have believed me anyway.
-That's not true.
-Isn't it?
You always pick his side
over mine.
No, I don't.
You're literally
doing it right now!
Megan, you're supposed
to trust me,
give me the benefit
of the doubt.
But you can't even
do that anymore.
Hey, have you seen Luke?
I think he and the guys
went to get more beer.
I got hit with a misdemeanor
for making those fake IDs
last summer.
That's a bunk charge.
Maybe, but it's
on my record now.
If U Dub finds out about it,
my scholarship's toast.
Do you think that you could
hack into the court's database
and erase it?
I wish I could, but, I mean,
once something
like that's in the system,
there's a paper trail.
-It's too late.
-Damn it.
You were my last hope,
my last chance...
Yeah, but, you know, a diploma's
just a piece of paper.
(laughs) Plenty of famous coders
never even finished college.
I can't count
on being one in a million.
I need a degree.
Only if you insist
on playing by their rules.
Th-The scholarship isn't
the only reason that I'm here.
Um...
Steve Chambers is convinced
that you have something
to do with Luke's death.
(scoffs)
He's investigating you.
Your past.
(Ned groans)
Claims that you stole IP,
that you attacked your boss...
You can't steal
what was yours to begin with!
Oh!
(furniture clatters)
(indistinct chatter)
Yeah, but Megan's been
really chill about the tape.
You know? We're all good.
Eric: I once dated two chicks
at the same time.
Takes mad skill.
Wouldn't think
you had the fire power.
Tim: You know, I've been
ponying up Isabella,
but I can take Megan
for a ride if you want.
Yeah. In your dreams, dude.
Eric: Let me know
when you wanna level up, okay?
I'll give you some tips.
Nah, he's not ready yet.
He's still got
training wheels on.
(laughing)
I can handle
both of them, no problem.
Okay? I got them wrapped
around my finger.
Eric: Better if they're wrapped
around something else.
At the same time.
Ménage-à-Luke, baby. (laughs)
Yeah, you know, I've actually...
I'm teeing it up.
Yeah. I busted a major move
with Isabella after the Plunge.
She couldn't get enough.
Eric: (falsetto)
Ooh, there it is! Okay!
Tim:
That's what we like to hear.
Luke: You saw me
with Isabella on the tape.
I've done it before,
I'll do it again.
Tim: He's growing up so fast,
look at Chambers go!
(Eric and Tim laughing)
Luke: You know, I gotta get
some practice in for college.
(door buzzes, slams)
If Chambers is looking into me,
I'm gonna look into him.
(keying)
(computer chimes)
Have you always
had those cameras?
Looking out towards the road?
Ever since I moved in.
Is that Steve Chambers?
He can't know I'm here.
I'll take care of him.
You slip out the back.
Okay.
Steve: Faunce!
Faunce?
Megan Landry
is a teenage girl.
You had no business
dragging her into your mess.
-It's okay.
-Megan's not your concern.
She is. I wanna know the truth.
I wanna know how it went down.
What, so Luke found out
you were doing something illegal
so you killed him to keep him
quiet, keep him from talking?
-Get the hell off my property!
-Come on, Dad.
Hold it, it's okay. It's okay.
I know you had something
to do with the death of my son,
and I'm going to prove it.
Ned:
Go ahead and try.
Yeah, every time
you turn around,
I'm gonna be watching,
I'm gonna be waiting.
I'm gonna be waiting
for you to screw up,
because I know you will.
Take your threats, and your kid,
and get the hell out of here
before it gets ugly!
Brent:
Dad, come on.
Don't touch me!
You're not gonna do anything.
Luke:
Hey, where'd you go?
-I took the shortcut.
-Okay, that
might've been cool
when the Morgans lived there,
but, careful,
Ned's like the Unabomber.
Chillax. I know the code
to use if I need to abort.
-But I'll keep my eyes
peeled for any landmines.
-Okay.
I don't wanna be the one
that has to explain to Jeff
why you lost a leg.
You there?
Actually, um...
Jeff and I aren't
together anymore.
(static buzzing)
Uh, what do you mean?
You're not the only one
who got dumped this week.
I joined the club last night.
Seriously?
You know how competitive I am.
Didn't want you to be alone.
Are you okay?
Yeah.
I mean, at first
it kind of sucked, but...
I'm okay now.
Did you copy all that?
(static over walkie-talkie)
Megan:
Luke...?
(feedback screeches)
That feedback is terrible.
You should try
a different frequency.
There's more than one?
Look, I'm really sorry, okay?
I got turned around.
I didn't realize
that I was on your land.
I value my privacy,
and I don't appreciate anyone
trespassing on my property.
Try it now.
(static buzzes, clicks)
Wow. Thanks.
Megan:
Luke?
Stay on your side of the line.
Dude, where'd you go?
Uh... hey, sorr--
I just took a detour, but...
I'm on my way
back to you right now.
♪ Just so far away ♪
♪ Let me be
the right one to... ♪
Ten minutes till the millennium!
(giggling)
Hey. Uh, Luke was looking
for you earlier.
I'm sure he was.
Uh, where is he?
Uh, that way, I think.
Hey, uh...
last chance
for New Year's resolutions.
Uh, what can everyone expect
from Megan Landry in 2000?
I'm gonna take charge
of my own life, my destiny.
Stop being played.
Did I miss something?
No. It's all good.
It's just...
no matter how well you think
you know someone, you don't.
They can still surprise you.
Hey, I need to talk to you.
Yeah, right now is not
a good time--
Please! It's important.
You were right about Luke.
About everything.
He's a total liar!
-I'm sorry.
-No, I'm sorry.
I... I never
should've doubted you.
No, just forget about it.
God, I feel so stupid.
How could he do this to me now?
He just... he wants to be
the good guy, to everyone,
but especially to you.
(Megan sighs)
Still, I should've seen it.
Hey. Don't beat yourself up.
Okay? He's not worth it.
Let's just jet.
Come on, we can still salvage
the night, just the two of us.
-No. I'm not letting him
off that easy.
-Jeff: Hey!
-He's not gonna
get away with this.
-All right, I see you.
What are you thinking?
I think we should get
some serious payback.
I wanna make Luke
wish he'd never met us.
(suspenseful music playing)
(Portishead playing "Glory Box")
♪ So tired of playing ♪
♪ Playing with this bow... ♪
Luke: I didn't know what it was,
but I didn't think it was--
-Hi!
-There's my girl.
Where have you been?
Just getting some fresh air.
I'm back.
Whoa, save some of that
for midnight, yo.
Damn right.
No way.
Gotta live each moment
like it's our last,
especially tonight.
Don't you think?
For sure.
Where is Isabella?
She bounced.
Parker:
Guys! Five minutes to midnight!
(cheering)
-♪ Give me a reason ♪
-(phone ringing)
♪ To believe ♪
(ringing continues)
Hello?
Megan, it's Principal Bowers.
Sheriff Myer told me
about your legal situation.
Per school policy,
I was required
to inform
the University of Washington.
I'm afraid they're going
to have to rescind
your scholarship.
I'm so sorry.
Megan?
Megan, are you there?
You sure you don't need me
to come find you?
No, I figured it out.
(static buzzes)
I just, uh... I got a little
distracted for a minute.
(laughs) Story of your life.
(Luke laughs, sighs)
(Megan giggling)
When did we carve these?
When we were, like,
I don't know, 11?
-Yeah.
-I don't know, I remember
I cut my hand on it.
I still got the scar from it.
Megan:
Ooh. Ouch.
(Counting Crows
playing "Colorblind")
Those were the best times
in my life, too.
Other things
were lousy or great.
You were always there.
Yeah, you too.
I can't even picture
a world without you in it.
Even if I could, I...
I don't think
I would want to hang there.
Smart man.
It would be super lame.
Luke:
Um...
I remember
what happened last night.
What... what almost happened.
It was a crazy night. (laughs)
Everybody had
way too much to drink.
They were all
acting like idiots.
No.
I was being an idiot.
You ever wish you could
go back, just undo something?
Hmm. Yeah.
Control-alt-delete.
♪ Pull me out from inside... ♪
Uh, look, I know that--
♪ I am ready, I am ready ♪
♪ I am fine ♪
♪ I am ♪
♪ Fine ♪
Hey! Hey, it's starting.
Come on.
Everyone, everyone, it's time!
-(music stops)
-Okay, okay!
Here we go! Ready?
all:
10, 9,
8, 7,
6, 5, 4,
3, 2, 1...
all:
Happy New Year!
Whooo!
Why don't we go back
to the cabin and celebrate?
Just the two of us. Hmm?
Yeah, let's go.
(intense music playing)
(cheering, toy horns blowing)
(theme song playing)